[theme music]
[seagulls cawing]
[bell dings]
[rattles]
[shutter clicks]
[seagulls cawing]
[upbeat music]
[blows]
Hey, Ms. Dentist.
Howdy, Ms. Dentist.
Hey.
-Ms. Dentist, Dentist. Oh.
-[distant dog barks]
[makes whooshing noise]
[alarm ringing]
[upbeat music continues]
Good.
[humming]
Okay.
Mi-seon!
[grumbles]
[Mi-seon moans]
-Overslept again?
-Mm.
-I'll head out.
-Wait for me.
-No way. It's already time to go.
-Give me three minutes.
[music stops]
[Mi-seon grunts]
[door slams]
[sighs]
-[shower running]
-Hmm.
Oh, hello.
[shower running continues]
[Bo-ra] You can bond with them.
It's really cool.
And when you do,
they will actually lay down their spines
so you can pet them.
Ah!
Ooh, you're a prickly guy, aren't you?
[Du-sik] You guys are similar.
The hedgehog is just like you.
You're both a bit spiky.
You both look alike.
I don't think we're so similar.
Okay, Mi-seon, three minutes are up.
I'm leaving!
[sighs]
Let's go.
[chuckles]
-You replaced your entire face?
-Hmm.
-[quirky music]
-[sighs]
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
[Hye-jin scoffs]
Why isn't he around today?
What do you mean?
It's nothing.
What do you want for lunch?
How about jjajangmyeon?
[Mi-seon clicks tongue]
You're already thinking about
what's for lunch on your way to work?
I approve of that.
-[soft chuckle]
-[Mi-seon sucks teeth]
Jjajangmyeon…
GONGJIN KOREAN-CHINESE RESTAURANT
[Mi-seon] What's with the long face
all of a sudden, huh?
What do you mean?
[Mi-seon] You've been like that
since our food got here.
You wanted to go for this food.
Did your craving changed?
I guess the warm weather
made me crave some naengmyeon.
Then we can have it for dinner.
Now, take that stuff out.
[smacks lips]
Yeah.
[snaps]
Miss?
You're overheated.
[country music]
[snorts]
He's always here when you don't expect.
How come he's gone now?
[Mi-seon] Mm. Hye-jin.
Isn't this, isn't this that guy?
Oh. Seong-hyeon from school.
RISING STAR TV PRODUCER
JI SEONG-HYEON
No wonder.
You aren't a TV person,
but you always tuned in to his shows.
We were classmates. I always
wanted him to catch his big break.
As if! You can't fool me, you know that.
You have a crush on this guy.
-Oh. How could you say that? I don't.
-Hmm.
-A man and woman can just be friends.
-[laughs]
-You're so old-fashioned.
-[scoffs, sighs]
When the stars don't align,
just let it go.
Why does he gotta be
Lee Gang-uk's friend of all people?
[Hye-jin] Hmm…
Why are you wearing all that makeup?
Who are you seeing, huh?
-[giggles]
-Eun-cheol Choi?
-He's not coming today.
-[sighs]
-Oh. Welcome.
-[man] Hello.
Hi there, and welcome.
It's my first time here, so I don't have
an appointment. I hope that's okay?
-[Hye-jin] Of course.
-[Mi-seon] Sure.
-[Hye-jin] Please fill in this form.
-[man] Right.
-I'll see you in the exam room. Okay?
-[man] Okay. Thank you.
-Mm.
-[pen scribbling]
[Hye-jin] Judging by
how much pain you described,
I'm guessing that your tooth decayed
underneath the old crown.
It's tough to see
with just an X-ray, though, so…
I'll have to check underneath it
to be sure.
Once I see it,
we'll decide if you need an implant
or just nerve treatment.
Uh, implants do require
a bit more money too--
That's no concern.
I trust your expertise, doctor.
[chuckles]
I appreciate it. I'll do my best.
I heard that a lot of clients throw a fit
over the price of their dental work.
[Hye-jin] Well…
Some dentists install cameras
in their office for safety.
The thing is…
[sucks teeth]
…in order to install cameras,
I need approval from the patients,
-and I haven't gotten to that yet.
-Ah.
Gotcha.
Doctor, you're quite the beauty.
[chuckles]
Thank you very much.
But I usually like hearing
I'm a good doctor instead.
I hope I didn't cross a line just now.
Ah. No, no.
-Let me take a look then.
-Sure.
-Does it hurt a lot?
-[whirring]
[whirs]
Here's your card and your receipt printed.
[man] Thank you.
-See you tomorrow.
-Yes. See you.
[door whirs]
[breathes deeply]
I love the ones who are polite.
[Hye-jin sighs]
He said he'd trust my judgement
no matter the cost.
He must have a lot of money.
Everything he was wearing was designer.
Oh, yeah? Does being that well-off
give someone that level of manners?
[breathes sharply]
That's a sad thought if it does.
Makes you…
[exhales]
wanna make tons of money.
-[Mi-seon chuckles]
-[sighs]
All right then.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh.
[Yun-gyeong] Buying apples?
What's the occasion?
You only ever buy fruits
that are in season.
It's the anniversary
of my mom's death tomorrow.
Oh.
I'm sorry I completely forgot.
You've got enough things
with your own business to worry about.
[both chuckle]
-I'll take these.
-Oh, yes.
[Yun-gyeong clears throat]
-You're definitely showing now.
-[laughs]
It'll only get heavier. Be ready for it.
It's not my first time.
It's still hard the second time around.
I guess.
[chuckles, clicks tongue]
[sighs]
Maybe it's 'cause I know what it's like.
But I dreamed
about the birth pains already.
-[chuckles]
-Is Geum-cheol upset
that your second one
won't be a boy either?
Of course not. He's thrilled
to finally raise a proper girl.
-He's even been practicing braiding hair.
-[chuckles]
Come to think of it,
Bo-ra never really had long hair.
Exactly! She's not like
your normal young girls.
[chuckles]
Oh, when other girls
get on that Elsa dress,
and sing "Let It Go", you know,
she dances like a boy
in a taekwondo uniform.
-[sighs]
-You wait. Kids like that make it big.
I really, really hope so.
[Bo-ra snickering]
[laughs]
-[Bo-ra] It's funny, huh?
-[I-jun] It's embarrassing.
-What? Get over here!
-[gasps]
[Bo-ra panting]
-[Bo-ra] I'll get you!
-Bo-ra, I told you not to do that again!
Bo-ra will get rid
of all of I-jun's baby teeth.
-[I-jun] I'm sorry!
-[Bo-ra] Hey!
[sighs]
I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
-Would all this be enough?
-Oh, you.
[both laugh]
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
CHUNG-HO SCUBA DIVING
[Nam-suk] Goodness,
where are you two off to?
-[Mi-seon] Hello.
-[Nam-suk] Hi.
Oh, we're just on our way home.
Ah! Then I guess
I came here right on time.
I was hoping that I could invite you two
somewhere, ah?
-Where?
-[Nam-suk] Well…
It's the local shopkeepers' meeting.
We're the heart of the economy.
-[Nam-suk giggling]
-[Mi-seon] I see. Wow.
All the business owners here are members.
If you want to run a store in town,
you should join.
Oh.
[laughs]
Not like you sell goods like we do.
Anyway, if you wanna raise your profits,
you should come down and join us.
Uh, yeah, yeah, we'd love to,
but we made plans already, so…
-Right.
-I see. Ah, that's too bad.
I'd love to move it to another day,
but our group treasurer, Chief Hong,
only has today to spare.
-[Mi-seon] Mm.
-Treasurer?
Yes, Chief Hong is the treasurer,
and I'm the chairwoman.
-I'll come.
-[Nam-suk] Huh? Really?
Yes. Uh…
[clears throat]
I'll go to show my support
as a fellow business owner
to see how to help the community thrive
for all of us.
-[Nam-suk] Oh!
-Ah!
I'm so glad you think that way!
Let's get going then.
This is wonderful!
-[Mi-seon] Goodness!
-[Nam-suk] Huh?
-Well, I…
-[Nam-suk] Oh?
-I've gotta go.
-I guess we just need the owner, really.
The employee can go about her day.
Go on now.
Dr. Yoon, shall we?
My goodness, sweet Dr. Yoon.
-[Hye-jin] You're hurting me.
-[Nam-suk] Oh, am I?
Well, I'll try to refrain myself.
Why don't I carry this for you?
What's going on with her?
[Nam-suk] For our shopkeepers' meeting.
[Geum-cheol] Cheers!
-[Nam-suk] Dr. Yoon, cheers.
-[Geum-cheol] Ahh!
[Nam-suk] This is nice.
[chuckles]
-[Nam-suk] Ahh.
-[Geum-cheol] Mm.
-[Nam-suk] Oh. This hit the spot.
-[Geum-cheol exhales]
As you know, we have
too many officials here in Gongjin.
We got a town chief, zone chief,
area chief. Ah!
However, I believe…
[sucks teeth]
…that my role as chairwoman of this group
is the most vital of all the roles
in this town.
Of course.
You're the Economy Minister in Gongjin.
-[both chuckle]
-Minister of Strategy and Finance.
-Eh?
-Sorry. Come again?
It's nothing.
-[chuckles]
-Right. Anyway, Dr. Yoon,
since it's your first time here,
could you say a few words
regarding this meeting?
-Me?
-Yeah.
-Uh-huh.
-Like what?
Oh, gosh. Well, it's embarrassing to say,
but the group's been
in a bit of a rut lately.
-[chuckles]
-Not many attend the meetings anymore.
So I was hoping you have some strategy
or some idea on how to make it
lively again since you're smart and all.
Uh… Well, it's my first day,
so I don't know what to say.
Just say whatever comes
into that head of yours.
[Nam-suk] Yes, no pressure.
Then how about a member directory
that includes contact numbers?
You know, when someone who happens
to attend regularly stops coming,
if we have a contact list,
we can have better communication--
-[door closes]
-[Du-sik] Here's our member directory.
-Unbelievable.
-Hey.
[Du-sik] You really think
we didn't have one?
Even elementary school students
would have better ideas than that.
That's because I was put on the spot.
How come you're so late today, Chief Hong?
It's my day off, actually.
I lost track of time.
-I didn't know you had days off?
-Mm.
Yeah, whenever I feel like it.
That's my day off.
Must be nice.
Live like me if you're so jealous.
Forget it.
So…
[clears throat]
Are you the treasurer
of the shopkeepers' meeting?
-Ah.
-How'd that happen?
-I didn't think you had a store.
-I'm a freelancer running by Ms. Cho.
-[chuckles]
-[snorts]
Who knew you could contract for this?
Hwa-jeong is still writing down
Yeong-guk's number as hers.
[Nam-suk] This isn't Hollywood, you know.
As if their divorce wasn't awkward enough.
[munching noisily]
One's a town chief, one's a zone chief.
It's pretty awkward. Hah.
[crickets creaking]
We were given garbage bags
to hand out to the elderly.
-I'll come by soon to collect them.
-Sure.
-We have the finalized list…
-Yeah.
…of who'll be cooking
at the Lighthouse Song Festival.
Ah. Bring it when you come
for the garbage bags.
That reminds me. Tomorrow…
I heard that the zone chief committee
will be cleaning the streets tomorrow.
Just know that it gets especially dirty
behind the marketplace.
It really smells there.
I'll make a note of it.
[crickets creaking continues]
[inhales deeply]
Have you had dinner?
[clicks tongue]
No matter how hard I try,
I can't seem to ever understand them.
-[Geum-cheol] How's that?
-How should I put this?
Um, you need to, you need to be
really cold-hearted to get a divorce.
-Don't you agree?
-That's an old-fashioned perspective.
-You know?
-Wha… Huh?
There's nothing… wrong about divorce.
Just like marriage,
it's one of the life choices we make.
-Yeah, Ms. Dentist is right. Right?
-[Nam-suk] Yes, of course.
You're right.
And I get what you're saying.
Uh, eh… Well, there was no reason for it.
They were fine, fine fine,
then all of a sudden, divorce. You saw it.
Ah. I doubt that either one of them
was in the wrong, though.
-[chuckles]
-Heh!
-You never know about that?
-Huh?
But if something big had happened,
one would've moved to another town.
-Yeah. Of course.
-Huh? Isn't that right?
-[Hwa-jeong] Can we join you?
-[coughs]
-[Du-sik] You're here.
-[Yeong-guk] We're here!
[Du-sik] Please have a seat.
Chief Chang is here too.
Neither of us have had dinner, so…
-[Hye-jin] Good evening.
-[Hwa-jeong] Dr. Yoon, you're here too.
-You won't even ask me to sit down?
-Come sit.
That's your seat. That one right there.
Must've been a fun discussion.
Your voices were carrying outside.
-No, it wasn't that fun.
-[both chuckle]
How about you two order something,
since you're here.
Chun-jae, bring our menu out.
The menu!
[Nam-suk] Eh, eh!
Couldn't you guys get up
and come get it yourself?
Right there. Leave it for us.
You can leave it right there.
[Chun-jae in strained voice]
Hey, guys. Order whatever you want.
-What's up with your voice?
-Oh.
I've got laryngitis.
-What?
-Laryngitis.
All my singing, it must…
Uh, then, probably best
to stay quiet and rest.
Ah, then I'll shut it.
She's right. A singer's voice
should be protected.
Fine. Just yell, yell your orders
back to me.
-[Hwa-jeong] Got it.
-Don't talk too much.
Why would his throat give in
when his songs don't have
any difficult notes, huh?
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
[Geum-cheol]
Why are you laughing at nothing?
-[Hwa-jeong] Yeah. Exactly.
-[Nam-suk] That's hilarious!
-[Yeong-guk] Hey, listen.
-[Nam-suk] It's…
-[laughs]
-[Yeong-guk] We were just…
[Hwa-jeong] No. You're wrong.
[Geum-cheol] Then why else
are you always together?
-He has a point.
-[Geum-cheol] I'm curious, though.
[Geum-cheol] Why do you two
hang out together so often?
[Hwa-jeong] You never choose
your words right, do you?
-[Nam-suk] I smacked him for you.
-[Geum-cheol] I'm just curious.
-That's all.
-[Hwa-jeong] Unbelievable.
[sighs]
I must be crazy.
Why would I come out here?
[groans]
They talk too much.
[door clatters loudly]
[quirky music]
-Uh, hello.
-[water running]
[quirky music continues]
[water stops running]
These modern children.
[exhales sharply]
What's the world come to?
[Geum-cheol] I'm serious.
You know it's true.
[Nam-suk laughs]
-It's just funny. That's all.
-[Geum-cheol] I swear.
I wouldn't make something like that up.
-Oh, they're so cute.
-[Geum-cheol] What?
No, I'm serious.
You gotta stop questioning me.
-[Hye-jin] Oh. You must be a Hacker.
-[indistinct chatter in distance]
-DOS' fan club members are Hackers, right?
-Are you?
Uh…
[chuckles]
I'm not, not like you.
But JUNE, you know, JUNE…
Don't.
I treated him two years ago.
Ugh! Don't lie about it.
Oh. Why would I lie about
something like that? I really did.
-Look here, old lady.
-[gasps]
Many people out there
lie about knowing the members of DOS.
-Unbelievable!
-I, I did, though.
Why would I lie to a kid
about something like that?
Got proof?
-Do you?
-Uh…
Hah! You look flustered.
I knew you were lying.
I don't remember it clearly. Uh…
-I did take a photo with him.
-[scoffs]
People always feign ignorance
when you put them on the spot.
-Right, JUNE?
-Oh. She doesn't even…
[scoffs]
[Yeong-guk]
Just tell them you'll handle it.
-What? Where did he run off to now?
-[overlapping chatter]
-[Nam-suk] Popcorn tastes the best.
-[Geum-cheol] It smells a little funny.
Where are the freebies?
[Geum-cheol] Yes, where's the free food?
-[Yeong-guk] Don't worry.
-[Chun-jae] Get up.
-[coughs]
-[Geum-cheol] He's faking the pain again.
I told you I'd take care of everything.
-[Geum-cheol] Give us freebies!
-[Nam-suk] You're so slow.
Next time, let's go to my restaurant.
Give us tangsuyuk then.
[Nam-suk] I'll give everyone
free grilled dumplings. Okay?
[Hye-jin sighs]
I want to go home.
-[Nam-suk] Idiot.
-[Geum-cheol] Hmm?
They're grilled dumplings. I grilled them.
-[Yeong-guk] Do you have boiled dumplings?
-[Hwa-jeong] Don't be unreasonable.
-[Nam-suk] Unbelievable!
-[Geum-cheol] Come on.
-They get on so well.
-[Geum-cheol] Stop it.
Dr. Yoon must be really drunk, huh?
Huh? You're right.
[Nam-suk] But she didn't drink that much.
Shouldn't she go back home then?
[Hye-jin] Like always,
my killer move works.
-"Pretending to be drunk."
-[Chun-jae] Hey!
-[claps]
-[Nam-suk] Oh, my. What is it?
[Geum-cheol] What?
Hold on. Is Chief Hong singing today?
He must be filling in for Chun-jae, huh.
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong will sing?
-[Nam-suk] Yay!
-[business owners clapping]
[chuckles]
[guitar strums]
[singing "An Old Love" by Lee Moon-sae]
♪ Without no one knowing ♪
♪ I hung around and cried ♪
♪ Past moments sank deep into my heart ♪
♪ Under the empty sky ♪
♪ As lights switch on ♪
♪ I carefully call out my old lover's name
♪ Cold wind blows ♪
♪ And I adjust my collar ♪
♪ In regret and anger
Tears drop from my eyes ♪
♪ I once believed ♪
♪ No one could hurt me ♪
♪ But was my past self all a lie? ♪
♪ What I long for and desire ♪
♪ I will keep as is inside my heart ♪
[dishes clattering]
[Yeong-guk yawns]
My wife keeps calling,
so I… so I should go now.
-[Chun-jae] Sure. You go.
-She says she misses me.
-I'm too tired to stay any longer.
-[Geum-cheol] Let's go.
[Hye-jin] Why aren't they waking me up
to tell me to go home?
[Geum-cheol] Let's go.
-What about Dr. Yoon?
-[glasses clinking]
I'll see to her, you guys can head on out.
You got her?
-[Nam-suk] Let's go. Shall we?
-[Yeong-guk] Let's go.
-[Chun-jae] Go on.
-[Hwa-jeong] Thanks for this.
[Yeong-guk] Bye.
-We're going.
-[Namsuk yawns]
-[Du-sik] Get home safely.
-We're leaving. Bye.
[Yeong-guk] Bye.
[Hye-jin sighs]
What do I do?
Should I just get up at this point?
[sighs]
[Du-sik] One, two, three.
[Du-sik grunts]
-[Du-sik clicks tongue]
-[comical music sting]
[sighs]
What to do? Okay.
-One, two, three.
-[chair scrapes]
-[grunts]
-[Hye-jin] What's he doing?
-[Du-sik] One…
-[Hye-jin gasps]
[Du-sik] Two, three.
[grunts]
[Du-sik groans]
Chun-jae, I'm off.
[playful music]
[Hye-jin gasps]
Wait. My shoe.
Hey, my shoe.
Don't leave it behind. Unbelievable.
Drop the act and hop off.
[Du-sik] I know you're not asleep.
[Du-sik sighs]
[crickets creaking]
[quirky music]
[Du-sik] Unbelievable.
[sighs, snorts]
[Du-sik] Hmm.
I'm so sore 'cause you're faking.
I feel like I carried a sack of rice.
[grunts]
How heavy is one sack of rice?
Forget it if you don't know.
How come you pretended asleep back there?
Because I wanted to hurry home.
This is a community, you know.
You can't hate everybody else
all the time.
I bet you have no friends.
That's not true. I have tons.
Tell me three of their names
in five seconds then. Go!
Pyo Mi-seon.
-Great. Uh-huh.
-Mi-seon.
-Uh-huh.
-And Mi-seon Pyo.
So one Mi-seon and two Pyo Mi-seons.
-Are they different people?
-What's it matter to you
if I have friends or not, huh?
What a jerk.
[chuckles]
[playful music continues]
She really likes those shoes.
[playful music]
-[phone beeps]
-[keypad clacking]
A hundred eighty pounds? What an insult.
[groans]
That's odd. Did someone move in?
What an insult.
[wind gusting]
[quirky music]
How come you're following me?
What are you talking about?
Just walking home.
Take another route then.
Why should I have to take
the long way back to the house, huh?
Move out. Leave the house already.
Moving is so much work. It's not fair.
[groans]
Clearing out of our house was not moving.
-Not at all.
-Yes, it was.
A change of residence count.
Just… I don't care. Forget it.
Just take this.
What is it?
Can't you tell? It's the kimchi container.
[quirky music continues]
It was good.
Hmm.
Did you scrub it clean?
It's hard to get the smell out.
[soft chuckle]
Hmm.
[quirky music continues]
[crickets creaking]
[serene music]
[soft chuckle]
[Hye-jin sighs]
Let's see here.
Huh?
It should be right here.
Oh.
[chuckles]
Found it.
[scoffs]
Wait till you see this, brat.
[sighs]
Hmm.
[guitar strumming]
["An Old Love" by Lee Moon-sae playing]
["An Old Love" by Lee Moon-sae
continues playing]
[huffs]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[puffs]
[chuckles]
[exhales deeply]
["An Old Love" by Lee Moon-sae
continues playing]
[soft chuckle]
["An Old Love" instrumental fading]
[waves crashing]
[door opens, closes]
[Hye-jin] Where's that little kid?
Huh? The one that talks back to adults.
Ju-ri? In class right now, of course.
Ah, yeah. I should come back later then.
What about a coffee?
[clears throat]
Caffeine would do me some good right now.
But I'm a little busy.
Could it be delivered?
Of course.
Then bring me in Americano and one latte.
Oh, and lots of ice and syrup.
Delivery is 2,000 won.
Wow. You…
[gasps]
How can you charge me that much
when my office is next to--
If you want things delivered,
it costs, okay?
-A human being's labor--
-Whatever.
-Cancel my order.
-Uh… Come on.
[door bangs open]
[door bangs close]
[birds squawking]
[Hye-jin] You did so well today.
-[Gam-ri groans]
-I bet it hurt.
Oh. Well, how could it not hurt
when you're cutting my gums?
It won't hold me back now, though.
[soft chuckle]
Let's check and see
how it's doing in two weeks.
Mm-hm. You, you're my dentist,
so I better, uh, better listen to you.
[both chuckle softly]
-Hello. Hello.
-[Hye-jin] Hi.
Get home safely then.
-[Gam-ri] Bye.
-[Mi-seon] Have a good day.
-So how was your temporary crown?
-Oh, it's all right. It's good.
How about you head on back?
All right. Yeah.
[door slides open]
[Gam-ri] Hold on a second.
Where have I seen him before?
-[Hye-jin] The needle stung, didn't it?
-[grunts]
[chuckles]
Oh, yeah, a little.
Scaling will be done while your gums
go numb, and the treatment will follow.
-Ms. Pyo?
-[Mi-seon] Hmm. Okay.
-[door slides close]
-[metal clanks]
[Du-sik] Hey.
Presenting the coffee you ordered.
No, I canceled my order.
I'm not paying.
It wouldn't have been right for me
to ignore an order, eh?
Well? Pay up.
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
"How to keep a sterile environment."
-I guess that's important these days.
-[door closes]
-There.
-Okay.
With the loyal customer discount.
The Americano is 3,000 won,
and the latte is 3,500. So 3,000 won.
[inhales]
-And…
-[coins clink]
here's 500 won.
You gave me back too much.
I thought there was a delivery fee.
You're good. I stopped by
'cause the cafe was empty. See ya.
[whistling]
What? That's not like you.
Thanks.
[crickets chirping]
[I-jun] Eodongyukseo.
Fish sits in the east,
and meat sits in the west.
Hongdongbaekseo.
Red fruit sits in the east,
and white fruit sits in the west.
Mom.
How can you serve that
at a memorial service?
My mom loved roll cakes, you see.
I know you're a stickler for the rules.
Can't I serve the food that she loved
since the service is for her?
[crickets creaking]
[light music]
[Hwa-jeong chuckles softly]
[I-jun] Let's bow.
[light music continues]
Uncle Du-sik, could you make me
one small vanilla latte?
-No.
-I'll pay you.
Don't be smart with me.
I don't sell coffee to kids.
[groans]
We all drink coffee.
Not you. Not yet.
Why not, though?
The recommended amount
of caffeine for minors
is 2.5 milligrams
per two pounds of body weight.
By the looks of it,
you weigh around 90 pounds.
-What?
-The daily intake is 112.5 for you,
but you had chocolate earlier.
That has caffeine.
Two pieces, 30 milligrams.
Vanilla latte has around a hundred, so…
So drinking a coffee right now,
that's more than
your suggested amount today.
Ugh! Not fair.
-[Du-sik] Take this.
-No, you can have it.
-[Du-sik] No, thanks.
-[Ju-ri] What if I have three?
[Du-sik] 15 plus 15, plus 15.
Ms. Dentist, I'd rather not see you
three times a day.
Likewise, so please don't talk to me.
I'm not here to see you at all.
I got it for you. Check it out.
What is it?
[gasps]
Oh, my gosh! No way!
Did you really meet him?
I thought you were lying! Ah!
Look how handsome he is.
-Wait--
-No way. No way!
-Oh, I want to be a dentist now too.
-What is that?
-[squealing]
-What is it?
-Oh, my God.
-He's super handsome! So handsome!
-Go over there then.
-He's so handsome!
-Look at it over there.
-All right? Ugh!
-I'm speechless by his beauty.
God, he's so handsome!
What does he look like in person?
Is he handsome? Of course, he's handsome.
What was he like? Oh…
Oh, he's handsome. Much more so in person.
Ugh! I'm so jealous.
Mm, did he take the pain
from the procedure well?
According to his vlog,
dental procedures scare him. Poor JUNE.
I'm afraid I can't disclose
a patient's personal records.
Ah, I see. Then what could I ask?
[gasps]
Did he bring his little doll with him?
There's one he carries everywhere.
What did he wear? His shoes?
Can we be friends?
Be informal with me too.
Sit back, get comfy.
-Have some chocolate.
-Thank you.
Put your bag wherever you like.
[chuckles]
-[Hye-jin] One question at a time.
-[Ju-ri] Mm. Okay.
-[Du-sik sighs]
-What's this? I didn't order anything.
A growing girl should be nourished.
You can have some if you want.
Oh, I'm so grateful that I might cry.
Don't you cry.
So is he that,
that Jin guy or whatever it is?
Ah!
-JUNE.
-[Ju-ri] Uncle Du-sik,
can you not desecrate the sacred name
bestowed upon my JUNE, please?
Oh, so sorry. Look, there's lasers
coming out of your eyes.
And honestly,
he's not handsome at all, really.
[both] Well, at least
he's better looking than you are!
-Unbelievable. Just go. Ugh!
-Yeah.
-Come on.
-My God, you two are so alike.
Enjoy then.
-[Du-sik] You're so alike.
-We got rid of him.
[chuckles]
-We did. You know, this is…
-I can hear you, Ju-ri.
You know, I'd never met a celebrity,
and he was glowing.
-I bet his face was tiny.
-It was.
-How can a person be glowing?
-[Ju-ri] No way!
That I can never understand.
-What's with him?
-What's up with him?
-I hate him.
-So do I.
You two are so alike.
[Hye-jin and Ju-ri] Unbelievable.
[steam hissing]
[Du-sik] All right.
Hmm!
[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
NAM-SUK
-[Nam-suk] Goodness, Chief Hong!
-[Geum-cheol] Gosh!
[Nam-suk] Why won't you
answer your phone, huh?
Du-sik, this is me in line.
I got here before Nam-suk did.
-[Geum-cheol grunts]
-No. Not happening. No way.
Don't be like that, help me out.
Delivery orders are piling up.
I can't deliver
mushy jjajangmyeon, you know.
Hey, jjajangmyeon is good either way.
Du-sik, the air conditioner
at my store broke down.
If it's not fixed soon, I'll be totally
cooked alive in there today.
Let go of me.
-Is Nam-gyu still asleep?
-Mm-hm.
Then give him a slap and wake him up.
He's your brother,
but he's also your employee.
-Why go easy on him?
-[Geum-cheol] Right.
You shouldn't have hired him.
-He doesn't listen to a word I say.
-[Geum-cheol] He's right.
Why are you crying?
-And you.
-Yes?
It's long past time
that you fix things yourself.
For God's sake, you run a hardware store.
How dare you?
That's a great insecurity of mine.
-Now you're both crying.
-Oh.
Just know this.
I shall not work at all today.
I have the full right
to take a day for myself.
-Asking for your help is all right though.
-I'll be forced to close up
-if you don't help.
-Please!
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden playing]
♪ Romantic Sunday ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ It's a beautiful and shining day ♪
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden playing]
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ All I need is your love ♪
♪ Romantic Sunday ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ All I need is your love ♪
["Romantic Sunday" instrumental playing]
[splashing]
[splashing, burbling]
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden fading]
Mi-seon, how does fried chicken
and beer sound tonight?
[laughs feebly]
I don't think so. I'd rather rest.
What's gotten into you?
Fried chicken always wins you over.
[sighs]
Hey, you don't look so well.
-Hmm?
-Feeling unwell?
No, I'm a little tired, that's all.
Well, I guess I should
bring you some herbal tonic.
[chuckles softly]
-[man] Hello.
-[Hye-jin] Ah. Yes, welcome.
-Here. You can follow me.
-Ah, great.
-[sighs]
-[door slides open]
Thankfully, the nerve damage
responded well.
We'll check for any pain
and then get you a new crown.
Ms. Pyo, make the mold, please?
[Mi-seon] Sure.
[door slides open]
[door slides close]
[tense music]
[Yeong-guk] What should we have today?
[Yong-hun sucks teeth]
Ah! There's a street food diner
that opened across the way.
Street food? What are we, kids?
We can order a little bit of everything.
[indistinct chatter]
Yu Cho-hui?
Yeong-guk, what?
[playful music]
Oh. You guys should go ahead without me.
I'll be right there.
[chuckles]
-You go ahead too.
-I'm fine, though.
Go and order our food right now.
Ah. What should I order, though?
Tteokbokki with flour cakes
and a boiled egg.
And blood sausage,
but I only want the middles.
No liver, only lungs, and gimmari.
-Get going.
-Yeah.
-Wait. Don't pour the sauce.
-Sorry?
Leave the sauce on the side
of the fritters. All right?
[quirky music]
[soft chuckle]
Fifteen years.
It's been that long, really?
[soft chuckle]
Yeah. You haven't changed.
Oh, you're the one that hasn't changed
after all that time.
-[chuckles]
-Oh.
So tell me, what brings you here?
I've transferred
to Cheongjin Elementary School.
-Oh…
-I start next week.
I came early to introduce myself.
You're in Gongjin for good then?
Yeah. I live here now.
-Ah.
-[chuckles]
[Nam-suk] Oh. Look who it is.
[Yeong-guk and Cho-hui chuckle]
What do you mean? It's Mr. Chang.
No, the woman there.
Yu Cho-hui.
[Yun-gyeong] Who's that?
-Yeong-guk's first love.
-[soft gasp]
-Really?
-Uh-huh.
Oh, I got to go. Take this. Oh.
[snickers]
[Yun-gyeong] Where are you off to?
Where is she going?
[munching]
-Have you had lunch?
-Oh, I was actually on my way there now.
Hwa-jeong? Are you here? Hello?
Oh, Ms. Yeo went home for a bit.
Oh, really? Oh, now of all times?
Okay, see you.
[woman] All right. Bye.
Mom.
Why are you cooking so much food?
What?
No reason.
It's nice to have
a lot of food in the house, no?
Mm.
[chuckles]
[chuckling continues]
-[grunts]
-[Mi-seon] You're all done, sir.
-You can gargle.
-[man] Mm.
[seat whirring softly]
You know, I think
there's still some left in my mouth.
[Mi-seon] There's a mirror next to you,
so please check yourself.
Mm.
I'd rather have you take a look.
[tense music]
-[button clicks]
-[seat whirring]
-[Mi-seon] Okay.
-[man] Ahh.
That's it.
[tense music continues]
[Hye-jin] Get your hand off her!
[gasps]
[tense music]
Oh, you…
What?
-[man] Just hang on a second.
-[Hye-jin grunts]
-Hold on!
-You bastard!
How dare you!
What'd I do wrong, though?
I don't understand.
Don't even think about lying.
I saw you with my own eyes.
What? Oh. Oh, I, I grabbed her
for like a second?
[grunts]
Oh.
I just leaned on her a little for support
since I felt uncomfortable.
There's nothing wrong about doing that.
Don't you know the difference
between leaning and groping?
[Hye-jin] A sexual predator like you
should be behind bars.
-Mi-seon, call the police.
-[Mi-seon gasps]
-[line rings]
-Uh, yes. Hello, officer.
Yes, I'm at the Yoon Dental Clinic
in Gongjin.
I'm being accused
of sexual harassment right now.
No, I'm really the victim here. Yeah.
[cop 1] Is that so?
Yes. We'll be there right away, sir.
Hang on.
-[cop 2] We're going out?
-It's Yoon Dental Clinic.
-[cop 1] They need us there.
-Yoon Dental?
Some guy called and say
he was being framed for sexual harassment.
Huh?
Uh. So, I should head over
and get the full story.
-I'll go with you.
-Stay alert.
-[cop 3] See you later.
-[cop 2] See you.
[exclaims in disbelief]
In all my life, I've never met a person
so incredibly shameless.
To call the police yourself?
I don't have the words.
I did nothing wrong,
so why not let the law decide.
-Nothing wrong? Really?
-No.
-You did nothing wrong?
What a… Wow.
[scoffs]
Look here, Ms. Yoon Hye-jin.
You may not know this
since you're new here.
In Gongjin, everybody knows me.
My father's concrete business is huge,
-and my uncle is a city councilman.
-[scoffs]
So what? So what?
You just opened this clinic.
If people find out
you're accusing some innocent soul,
you'll have to close.
Just let him walk.
-Are you nuts?
-I'm fine.
-Don't make it a big thing.
-What?
Are you kidding me? After what he did?
I'm really fine, okay?
It's happened before.
[Hye-jin] Which is why
I can't let this go.
I'll make sure that he's punished for it.
-Crazy bastard.
-[scoffs]
I see she's the smarter of the two of you.
I mean, she is well aware
that she doesn't have the upper hand
in this situation.
Give it some thought.
Why would I even bother
with a girl like you?
I'm out of your league.
-You son of a…
-[both grunt]
-Hye-jin--
-You little… Hey!
Are you all right?
What? Are you crazy, bitch?
I ought to teach you…
[grunts]
[panting]
-[thuds]
-[groans]
[Du-sik panting]
-Are you okay?
-Chief Hong?
So you're okay.
Oh, that's a relief. I'm glad.
-[relieved sigh]
-Hey.
[Du-sik breathing heavily]
Someone called?
[breathes heavily]
[Eun-cheol] Du-sik, are you…
Are you okay?
-Are you okay?
-A bit of…
-[cop] Who made the call?
-Water, water, water…
-[Mi-seon] Hye-jin?
-[Du-sik] Water…
[Mi-seon gasps]
[groans]
[moans]
How annoying.
I think they must have broken something.
Well, according to the doctor,
you only have minor contusions.
And how would he know?
Let's see what the CT tells us.
Anyway, I don't intend
to settle out of court
and will sue them both for assault.
The police are investigating.
Protocol says you should be investigated
for sexual harassment too.
You were brought here
only because you were in pain,
so shut your mouth.
Oh, please, what sexual harassment?
There is no evidence.
The victim's testimony
can actually be evidence in this case.
The law in this country is a load of crap.
Besides, you listen to these gold-diggers,
innocent people like me get hurt.
I said shut your mouth.
I should call my lawyer.
[man grunts]
Hmm?
What?
Whe… Where is my phone?
I…
[light upbeat music]
[police siren blares]
NORTHERN CHUNG-HO POLICE STATION
[Hye-jin] How is this fair?
Hey, look here.
That sick pervert is the one
you've got to arrest, not us two.
Also, you should have separate
holding places for men and women.
[indistinct chatter]
Excuse me. Can you hear what I'm saying?
Excuse me!
Oh. Damn it.
-You really seem at home in this place.
-[Du-sik grunts]
Wherever I sleep is home.
You should lie down too.
Don't be crazy.
Someone could get the wrong idea.
Don't just lie there, help me somehow.
Leave me be.
I'm in the middle of recharging.
But it was your day off today.
So how'd you know
what was happening at the clinic?
-Lieutenant Kim.
-Oh, Chief Hong.
Do you need anything?
This wetsuit is so suffocating.
Do you think I could get
something else to wear?
It must be awful.
-Yeah.
-Tell me about it.
Would my clothes be all right?
That would be perfect.
-Then come out here.
-[Du-sik] Ah. Sure.
-What the hell?
-[Du-sik sighs]
You pretended not to hear me just now.
Out of the way.
It's like I'm not even here.
-[lock clicks]
-Hey, where are you going?
I'll be right back.
Keep the cell warm for me.
-You changed the lock.
-[Lt. Kim] Yes, we did.
-[Du-sik] Don't forget the key.
-[Lt. Kim] Right.
-Why are you wearing this anyway?
-Where are you going?
-It's my day off.
-[Lt. Kim] Isn't the weather hot?
-Did you catch sharks?
-What the hell?
-Ah. Lieutenant Kim, your fashion…
-[chuckles]
-…always has a certain exotic flavor.
It puts me in a good mood
when I change after shifts.
I love how smooth the, uh, the fabric is.
[Lt. Kim chuckles]
-Chief Hong.
-I'm thirsty. Got anything to drink?
A cup of joe for you.
[Du-sik] Sounds good. That was adorable.
-Don't you have ice in the freezer?
-Of course.
-Good.
-Chief Hong!
Calm down.
-She wants one too, so make it two.
-[groans]
-[Lt. Kim] Two. Got it.
-Thanks.
-[Eun-cheol] I'm back.
-[Du-sik] Hey, you're here.
-Du-sik.
-How's he? I bet he's faking.
The CT scan shows no damage.
Lieutenant, can't we now
release them both? Uh…
I guess it's just the doctor.
-Ah!
-[Lt. Kim] Sure.
-Thank you.
-Sure.
Ms. Dentist, get out here
and enjoy some iced coffee.
Why haven't you already arrested
the pervert?
He's currently in the hospital,
and he needs two weeks to recover.
-I'm staying.
-What do you mean?
I'm objecting to injustice.
I will not leave this cell
until that prick's arrested.
Why make life harder for yourself?
[sucks teeth]
[gasps]
Hye-jin!
[Mi-seon panting]
Hye-jin.
[Mi-seon whimpers]
-Mi-seon.
-Hey.
-[somber music]
-Why on Earth are you in here?
Are you all right? Are you hurt at all?
I'm okay, thanks. What about you?
I'm sorry. It's all my fault.
Why are you apologizing?
You didn't do anything wrong at all.
-I tried to just ignore it until he--
-Don't say that!
[Hye-jin sobbing]
You should've told me sooner.
If I had known, I wouldn't have
kept leaving you alone with that perv.
I know you… you went through a lot
to open the clinic. And…
-[sobs]
-You were in the red,
but you gave me a paycheck
and a bonus too.
Your business was finally thriving, and I…
I was afraid it might be all ruined
if I told you.
[sobbing]
None of that is important.
You should've told me.
[sobs]
I'm your friend.
[whimpers]
You must have been so scared, Mi-seon.
I'm so sorry.
[whimpers]
No, I should say sorry.
[Hye-jin] No, I'm the one
who let you down.
[both sobbing]
I'll make sure
he ends up behind bars, Mi-seon.
-That asshole.
-[both crying]
[somber music fades]
Hey, guys, the door is unlocked.
You don't have to hug through there.
-[Gam-ri] Huh?
-[Hye-jin and Mi-seon crying]
-Du-sik.
-Oh, Ms. Gam-ri, what brings you by?
Well, I came to report a lost property.
Oh, you see, I found this
on the floor of the dental clinic.
Under a chair.
Doesn't it belong to that guy?
[Gam-ri] Here.
Oh. He did say he was missing his phone
at the hospital.
[man chuckles]
[door opens]
So you got your manga?
What? What are you doing here?
Checking on you.
How could you not remember?
We went to middle school together.
♪ The deep blue force of the Eastern Sea ♪
♪ Keep it in your soul ♪
The assailant shouldn't
be visiting the victim.
You must've hurt your head on the floor
when I beat the heck out of you, huh?
You're the assailant here.
A sick sexual predator.
[scoffs]
Assault and falsely accusing someone
without any proof?
Proof? I've got it around here somewhere.
Wait. Where did I put it?
Where did I put it?
You sure are a crazy bastard.
Here it is.
[Du-sik laughs]
Where did you get that from?
A fairy godmother gave it to me.
Bullshit! That's… You give that back.
Why? Does it make you anxious
that I have it?
-What's in it?
-Give it back!
-What is it?
[both grunting]
What--
[yelps]
Wait, wait, wait!
That hurts, that hurts. Let go. Let go.
-Let go!
-Yeah?
-Would you let you go?
-Let go!
-[screams]
-Let's wait here a little
-until your warrant is served.
-What?
You took so many photos
that your phone memory is full, huh.
-[groans]
-You dirty little Peeping Tom.
Ah. Wait! Okay, okay.
Let go of me so we can talk.
-Oh, that hurt, poor baby?
-Ow!
-Oh, it does!
-A lot?
Yes!
If that hurts, can you even imagine
how hurt your victims are?
Come on!
Just you wait. I'll make sure
you pay for what you did.
How come you care, huh?
How come you're so hell-bent on this?
Do you have something going on
with one of those women?
That's right. There's something huge
happening, yeah.
Oh, yeah?
[screams]
Oh! Stop it! That hurts!
You chose the wrong people to screw with.
Okay. Just move it… Oh, that hurts!
-Cut your hair.
-Fine, I will.
-You never shut up. Huh?
-Tap, tap.
[man] I'll cut my hair.
I will, as soon as you let go.
-[Du-sik] Okay, okay, okay, hold still.
-I tapped out. Let me go.
-You tapped out?
-Let go.
-[siren blaring]
-[indistinct chatter]
[Yong-hun] I hear Chief Hong
caught a Peeping Tom yesterday.
Yeah. So I heard.
No wonder everyone calls him
the hero of Gongjin.
He's Superman and Iron Man
all wrapped together.
-Mr. Ban, what am I?
-Huh?
How would I fit in
if everyone loves the hero Chief Hong?
-Mr. Chang…
-Oh…
Where do you think you're going?
Oh, hi.
-Cho-hui?
-Oh, hi. Oh, I came to register my move.
Oh. I see. Oh, good you're here.
-That way. Come with me.
-Oh.
-Come on. Come in.
-Okay.
[birds chirping]
Hwa-jeong, why aren't you
picking up your phone?
What? What's going on?
I saw someone yesterday.
[chuckles]
-You'll remember her.
-Who?
[inhales]
Mm…
[machine beeps]
RESIDENT REGISTRATION
Huh?
RESIDENT: 1 PERSON
Wait.
You're not married? There's no…
I didn't really get around to it.
[awkward chuckle]
-[chuckles]
-Ah. So I see.
Ah, you're a single then. You aren't…
[chuckles]
Oh, but I heard
you have someone now, though.
Oh. Oh, yeah. I, I, uh, uh…
I did, but I'm, uh, I'm single now.
I'm completely on my own.
You and Hwa-jeong divorced? How come?
Oh, my goodness.
[quirky music]
So this is the front-row seat.
[Yong-hun] Oh, your wife's here.
-Hello.
-Hey, man!
I told you not to call her that
anymore. Okay?
Well, I suppose I will always be
your wife to him. Right? Hmm?
-Hwa-jeong.
-Goodness, it's been so long.
Did you move here?
-Ah.
-[Cho-hui] Yes.
Have you been well?
Mm. Although not, not all of the time.
You haven't changed.
You're still so pretty.
[sighs]
-[tense music]
-Ah…
-Mr. Ban.
-Yes?
Ms. Yeo was here to pick up
those garbage bags.
-Please take her to them.
-[quirky music]
[Yong-hun] Got it. Ms. Yeo, this way.
-Yeah. I'm coming.
-Go ahead.
[whispers]
Okay. Okay, okay.
Come on. Let's go outside.
Hold on. They're leaving?
Please sign here and sign here.
Here you go. That's all of them.
See ya.
[whispering]
Hey.
They went out.
[quirky music continues]
[sighs deeply]
[unzips bag]
Mm.
[exhales]
-[thudding]
-Gosh, they don't fit.
[sighs deeply]
[exhales]
We're set for a month.
[chuckles]
Let me see.
Hwa-jeong, come on.
[sighs]
Hmm.
[huffs]
[breathes deeply]
[Mi-seon] I'm going out to pick up
a sandwich for lunch.
What would you like?
I'll go with you.
No, it's fine. Do what you were doing.
It's really close.
Ah. Then, I'll have what you get.
Wheat bread, roast chicken,
mozzarella cheese, minus pickles,
but with lots of sliced olives. Right?
-Right.
-[chuckles]
A good best friend's
worth ten boyfriends. See you, huh.
Uh, Mi-seon…
Huh?
From now on, whatever happens,
don't hide it.
That's how friends work, okay?
We watch each other's backs.
Mi-seon Pyo.
You're the only friend I have,
you know that.
I know.
Get going then.
Same sub as you.
[quirky music]
Ms… Ms. Pyo!
"Serving the people
are the warm, trustworthy police."
That's our catchphrase, you know.
Calling 911 would probably be faster.
But have this with you just in case.
[soft chuckle]
CHOI EUN-CHEOL
And if anything like that happens again,
don't try to just endure it on your own.
Have a good day.
[quirky music continues]
[phone beeps]
DOCTOR YOON HYE-JIN
[Du-sik] He admitted to his crimes
and will be investigated soon
by the Women Sex Crime Unit.
I thought you should know.
[clacking]
[phone thuds]
Come to think of it,
we never thanked him properly.
[soft percussive music]
I guess I could just leave it here.
[exhales sharply]
This wine wasn't easy to get.
I think just the fruit will be good.
No.
I should repay him properly.
[sighs]
Oh. This is killing me.
I bet it's really good.
It's so hard to let go.
I hear it's spicy, fragrant,
-and sweet too.
-[Du-sik] What's up?
Oh, my gosh!
[groans]
[breathes deeply]
[sighs]
[inhales]
[tranquil music]
[Du-sik] I enjoyed the monologue.
I felt so many emotions
in such a short time.
[Hye-jin] It was so hard to get the wine.
That's why.
You must've wanted it really bad
to offer to, uh, drink it together.
[scoffs]
Your place is really nice.
I thought it'd be a stinky bachelor pad.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
That's prejudice.
[Hye-jin gasps]
Why do you have so many books
and records here?
I collected them
hoping they'd be worth a lot someday.
Mm. So it's really more
of just, uh, junk collection.
Junk?
[Du-sik] Unbelievable.
[Hye-jin] What?
I saw this photo at the photo studio.
Is this you?
Ah.
[soft gasp]
Hah.
Is the old man your grandfather?
[Du-sik] Yes. He passed
when I was in middle school.
And your folks?
There's no one.
No one?
My parents died when I was six years old,
so I live here alone.
Um, sorry.
You don't have to be.
-Can you grab the glasses?
-Sure.
[glasses scrape]
[Hye-jin gasps]
You made all this just now?
[clicks tongue, inhales]
It's nothing special.
[both sigh]
Mm. Well, I think it will pair well.
-Mm.
-This particular wine is French.
It's from the Rhône region in the South.
[inhales]
And since it's vintage, well,
we should decant it before we drink it.
[munching]
[inhales, clicks tongue]
Decanting wine means
you pour wine into another vessel
without disturbing the sediment.
Old wine like this may lose the aroma
if you decant it.
-[comical music]
-I uncorked it as soon as we got in.
-Are you a sommelier?
-Oh, no, no.
I, um… I just picked it up.
Mm. Well, hand it over. Let me pour it.
Hear that?
[Du-sik sighs]
Uh, hang on.
When drinking a good wine,
you should first enjoy it
by breathing in its scent.
Watch me. And then… sip the wine
while letting in air as well.
[slurping]
-[gags]
-[Du-sik groans]
-Mm.
-That's gross. What are you doing?
-[coughing]
-[Du-sik sighs]
You should lower your head
to isolate your throat,
and then you could breathe in the air.
It was a mistake. Gosh, that stings.
Stop that and just drink it.
You might sneeze all of that
expensive wine out of your nose. Here.
[slurps, gulps]
-Can you stop it already?
-[coughing]
[both sigh]
[slurping]
That's how you do it.
[coughs]
Come on.
[door bangs]
[footsteps approaching]
[Chun-jae] Hello. Come on in.
Yes, hello.
[Chun-jae] Please sit anywhere you want.
Okay. JUNE, where should we sit?
-[JUNE] There is good.
-[man] Sure.
[crickets chirping]
[Hye-jin] You're quite the singer.
I only sang because Chun-jae asked.
[crickets creaking]
So…
would you sing for me
if I were to ask nice?
Go home.
[scoffs]
We didn't finish the wine.
[chuckles]
[Du-sik inhales]
[both slurp]
[glasses clink]
[gulps, smacks lips]
You seemed too close
with the police officers.
You were practically at home
at the station.
Are you down there often?
I guess you could say that.
-So a troublemaker.
-Ah. No.
I've won the Brave Citizen Award twice.
-Really?
-Mm.
Once, I caught a purse snatcher
on the street.
Stop!
[light music]
[both grunt]
[snatcher groaning]
[Du-sik sighs]
And this other time, I saved a drunk
old man sleeping on the train tracks.
[train alarm ringing]
-[train horn honking]
-[Du-sik grunts]
-Sir!
-[both grunt]
-[Du-sik grunts]
-[train horn honking]
[heavy breathing]
[huffs]
[sighs]
So courageous.
How did you know
what to do on the train track?
I didn't think. My body just reacted.
Does anyone appreciate you, though?
-I'm sure there was no money.
-I got a million won.
I bought a new fridge
for the senior center.
You shouldn't…
[exhales]
…just be so generous
when you're not well-off.
You barely make a living.
Don't worry about me,
and drink your wine. Here.
I guess how you live your life
is none of my business.
[both slurp, gulp]
[Du-sik exhales]
We're out of wine.
I can't give you that but whiskey I have.
Ju-ri, can you get this
to those customers?
-Oh, I'm okay, Dad.
-I'm not, though.
There's something burning back there.
Now, hurry.
-Be careful.
-Come on.
[Chun-jae] Help your dad out.
He can't do anything properly, seriously.
Where's, uh…
-All right. Here. Your food's here.
-[man] Oh.
Thank you.
-[chuckles]
-[man sighs]
[Ju-ri gasps]
Ah. Enjoy.
Thank you.
Wow, he must've done so much work
trying to look like JUNE.
[gasps]
Ju-ri, you almost fell for a copycat.
[Ju-ri groans]
-[laughing]
-[chuckles]
Let's eat. Go on. Please.
[chuckles]
Wow. Check this out.
It must be because we're by the sea.
Look at the size of the seafood.
The shrimp is huge.
You're right. Wow, it is.
Dig in.
And, JUNE, I guess you should
work harder, huh?
[chuckles]
People don't even recognize you.
So will the show make it?
I bet it'll tank.
We'll still get a paycheck
from it, though.
Can I order a pajeon too?
[laughs]
Sure.
-Hello, sir?
-[Chae-jun] Yes?
Are you already drunk?
I thought you could hold your liquor.
[inhales deeply]
I'm not drunk.
[slurps]
It just… well, it feels like
I'm walking on a cloud.
[Du-sik chuckles]
Soon, you'll be seeing stars then.
[ice clinking]
I never get drunk if I can avoid it.
Why?
Because I hate it.
Being out of it…
honest,
vulnerable.
[somber music]
When I'm close to drunk…
[clicks tongue]
-…I clench my fists tight just like this.
-[Du-sik sighs]
[scoffs]
Sounds exhausting with your small fists.
-No, they're not.
-Here.
[Du-sik grunts]
[Du-sik sighs]
-[ice clinking]
-[glass thuds]
Hey, don't you get lonely
living here all alone?
That has never occurred to me
'cause the people in town are my family.
So how long have you been living
in Gongjin?
Since I was born.
Have you ever left this place?
[gulps]
I have.
When?
[clicks tongue, inhales]
You told me not to cross the line,
but you ask so many questions.
[scoffs]
Oh, I guess.
[soft chuckle]
What's with me?
I'm not usually like this.
You don't seem to know yourself
that well, huh.
Maybe I'm fascinated by you.
We're from such different places.
If a penguin from Antarctica
met a polar bear from the North,
would it feel this way?
[scoffs]
They're both
from freezing climates, though.
Right. Hmm.
Hmm. I guess opposites attract.
Okay, I permit you to ask me
just one question.
I'll answer it just this one time.
I don't have one on me.
[scoffs]
[somber music continues]
Uh, here's one.
Why did you come here?
[music stops]
And don't say you came here
to open a dental clinic to make money.
If that was the case,
Gongjin's not the only option.
My cheeks are red, huh.
Oh. It's so hot in here. Maybe I am drunk.
[Du-sik snorts, smacks lips, inhales]
Don't answer if you don't want to.
[smacks lips]
That day…
when I first arrived in Gongjin…
it was my mom's birthday.
[pensive music]
It's unfortunate, you know.
How after you die,
your death's day is remembered,
not your birthday.
[Hye-jin sighs]
It feels like the fact that my mom
ever existed has slowly faded away.
[pensive music continues]
If she had still been alive,
she would turn 60.
[Hye-jin inhales]
I would've gone on so many trips with her.
I may have bought her expensive purses.
Actually, no. Just…
one meal together
would've been good enough.
Shortly before she died…
all of us went on a trip
to Gongjin.
[exhales]
[chuckles]
What am I doing? Come on.
[chuckles, sniffles]
I must be drunk.
Oh, my face is burning up.
[sniffles]
I think I have a mild fever.
-[slurps]
-[glass thuds]
Is my face red?
[silence]
[ambient sound resumes]
You're burning up.
[ice clinks]
[romantic music]
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden playing]
♪ Romantic Sunday ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
[grunts]
♪ It's a beautiful and shining day ♪
[phone ringing]
Hello, Ms. Gam-ri.
[Gam-ri] Chief Hong,
where are you right now?
Why? What's going on?
There's a commotion at the dentist's.
Chief Hong wouldn't budge
no matter how much I begged him.
-Tell me about it. He didn't even listen.
-I know.
What'd I tell you?
Chief Hong has one rule in life.
He works when he wants,
and he has fun when he feels like it.
The man may bend backwards for everyone,
but he never works on his day off.
[whooshes]
-He runs that hard on his day off?
-I take it back.
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden continues playing]
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ Romantic Sunday ♪
♪ It's a beautiful and shining day ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ All I need is your love ♪
[birds squawking]
[Mi-seon] There are
three mysteries in Gongjin.
[Hye-jin] Just eat
as casually as possible.
-[Chun-jae] The two slept together?
-Shh. Quiet!
How can you pair Du-sik with the dentist?
I'm a doctor.
I graduated dentistry school.
He went to Seoul National University.
What does my ear itch so much?
Stop. Stop. Stop!
[man screams]
-Actually, I am--
-Mukbang YouTuber!
-[laughs]
-What?
[Hye-jin] I think I blacked out yesterday.
But when you blacked out,
-did it turn R-rated?
-Hey!
[Hye-jin] So, anyway,
did anything happen yesterday?
[Du-sik] Well…
A lot happened.
["Romantic Sunday"
by Car, the Garden ends]